Hello. I just wanted to share kind of my process when I'm doing some maintenance on my new tank. Um, right here you can see me just clearing out some little leaves that had fallen off the other plants that were in there. I'm putting the I have an anubius there that I'm putting back into the rocks because the fish kind of pushed it out. Um, I'm just putting the hose on right now. And I like to clip it into the bucket so that um, the hose stays while I'm draining the tank. So, right here, I'm just draining the tank. And if I see anything floating, I'm just putting it into the end of the tank or the tube so that it'll go into the bucket. So, this takes a takes a minute. This is four times speed. So, it's takes a lot longer than it looks like um, here, but the fish are always interested. You can see the little ember tetras checking out the tube and wondering what's happening to their home right now.

Um, so there we go. I got it emptied. Now I'm going to put the bucket up on top so I can clean out the sponge filter that I have in there. So you just pull it out and squeeze it into the bucket. And the reason you just do it in the the tank water is so that you don't lose any of that beneficial bacteria. Um, and now you can see me here. I I have a little hose attachment to my bathroom, so I can just fill up the tank straight from the faucet. Um, there can be risks with doing that just cuz there's chlorine in the water, but I have some dechlorinator that I'll put in later and also Utah's water is not super chlorinated, so it's not quite as dangerous for the fish. Um, so here I am just filling it up. And I'm shooting it into the side of the tank so it doesn't disturb the fish as much and doesn't move any of the plants too much. Um, so now it's full. Now I'm going to grab all of the additives that I put in the water just to help with plant growth and to dechlorinate the water. So right there I have some CO2 booster which helps plants, some leaf zone which is like a fertilizer. um acute clear here that helps to clump all of the particles in the water so that the filter can pick it up. And here it is afterwards. The water clears up a little bit more over time. Um, and I usually like to feed them afterward, just to make sure they're doing okay, and they'll come up and you can see them swimming around here. But that's my tank maintenance for my new tank.